Sorry, I left the club, It was fun, but i've been afraid of the darkcsince i was a kid :/
Morning! Ready to go fishin'?
Before our flirting goes any further, you should know that I'm the ugly friend.
Hey so I'm pooping at this 7-Eleven and your number was carved on the wall. Do you wanna hang out? LOL
Hey, I know your mom from Church. She's quite a firecracker. She gave me your number to ask you to lunch.
Was just informed about my blacked-out actions. I'm sorry I threw up on your dog and drew dicks on all your family photos. I got you a $25 iTunes® gift card. We cool?
I know we're technically related, but have you ever thought about me as more than just your cousin?
We voted and you're definitely out of the acappella group.
Going over your application and I see that you wrote "allergic to shellfish" under disabilities. Is this a joke?
I can't find my Darth Vader™ helmet and I need it desperately right now.
Hey I'm the really tall guy from the club last night. Wanna grab a smoothie?
I just got my period, thank God! No offense but you're not really the type I'm trying to procreate with.
Hey, babe. Can't make couples therapy tonight. Me and the boys are trying the poop-dollar prank at the park. Lol, I'll send vids.
Hey roomie, can my niece take a dump in your bathroom? | JUST cleaned mine.
About to go steal some stuff, you want anything?
Hey we're parkouring after school again. You still on the team? This is the 4th practice you've missed :/
Don't freak out, but I just got a tattoo of your name on my lower back
My gyno still asks about you
Hey, we matched a few weeks ago, but the convo kind of fizzled. Want to pick it back up?
Hey can I crash with you for a couple days? I think my cat's mad at me and I need some space from her
wanna have a kid or something? То spice things up? I'm kind of bored.
Hey, I'm sitting in the front you can't miss me. I'm the guy wearing the white tank top and cargo shorts. Can't wait to meet you :)
Couldn't find you to say goodbye but I left.
Slid to the left instead of the right during the cha-cha slide and feeling pretty humiliated. Needed some alone time.
I really appreciate you inviting me to your family dinner, but never again please. The seasoning on your mom's chicken marsala was fucking pathetic.
Ever since the girls on the dance team started paying attention to you it's like I'm not even here
Hey roomie sorry you heard me singing in the shower this morning I'm so embarrassed Imao.
Hahah what'd you think though?
I enjoyed our date but I know it was you who farted
I just drank a White Claw and watched "Project X," so l'm hype. What we tryna do?
Hey you remember the night after your graduation when I bought you that shot? You think you can Venmo® me that $4?
Babe, just because I got a promotion doesn't mean you can lose your cool at the farmer's market every flippin' weekend.
What it do barbecue? Heh just kidding. No it's Mark from last night. Was wondering why ya took off so early this morning. Never even heard ya leave lol.
Quack quack! It's me :)
Thanks for taking the time to interview me today. Can't wait to discuss next steps.
Did you break the urn that held nana's ashes in the living room? The couch is covered in them.
Hi, it's your Uber driver. I'm outside but was wondering if I could come in for a sec. Kinda having a bad day :/