Oh you are definitely gonna be put on the naughty list for that one missy!
I wouldn't have it any other way, Aunt Sharon :)
LMAOOO YOU'RE WILD!
I know you're only hitting me up because my start-up is killing it rn. Nice try buddy, should have been nicer to me in high school
I'd rather talk about this in-person. Your facial expressions always have me weak
Tbh im still not over Steve Irwin's death and until I am I think we should stop texting
Yeah, sometimes it really be like that, huh
I'm still not over you crying after we had sex
Haha, yeah, classic me!
Take me off your list of people to drunk text at 2am. I've been married for 3 years
I told you that would happen if you walked around in a Pennywise costume
LOOK Dave, I miss the old days too, but our wives would kill us.
Dude, you're 31 please start acting like it
If you saw me in person, you'd understand. My life is straight up falling apart rn
I'm hearing what you're saying and I'm loving it but you used to cry in gym class like all the time so I can't take you seriously
You good?? Take a bath, dude.
Have you been listening to gangsta rap again?
You can't expect me to respond after you told me I smell like the rodent section of a PetSmart®, words hurt man..
It's so cute when you act like our relationship didn't end 4 months ago.
Why did you send that message with confetti?
Give me my prosthetic leg back, how about that!? I haven't left my house in a week
Sort of in the middle of a mental breakdown right now. :/ I'll text you back when the CBD kicks in.
You need to sit down, take a Xanax® and relax
I'm not gonna read that message because I don't want to critically think about my actions
Can I bring my stuffed animals?
So should I just delete the heart emojis next your name in my contacts?
You and me both, buddy
Maybe, maybe not. Stay woke ;)
Let's get some pho and talk this out. My treat :)
We've all been there, amirite?
Let's get some soup and talk this out. My treat. :)
This is why I think we should start seeing other people
Jets just lost in overtime, and now you lay THIS shit on me?
Omg, lol, you so caught me.;
I'll answer your question with a question. Where do you find the nerve?
I just found this phone at a Starbucks, but l'm down for sure.
Dude, you need to see a professional
Bro you have seriously been the biggest meanie lately.
Meet me on Beacons St. and 4th under the bridge. 6 p.m. You're dead fucking meat.
I know exactly what you're getting at, and truthfully...I love you too.
Ooo someone has a sweet tooth ;)
Hehehehe, omg, what a coincidence that u texted me! The girls and I were just giggling about u.
Weird flex but ok
Calvin you know I'm in pottery from 3-5. Same as every other Wednesday.
Lol I read this in the voice of Spongebob™
Let me finish my Hot Pocket®, and then I'II be in there like swimwear.
Funny you ask. Yes, I am double jointed.Haha why?
Thank you for subscribing to the I-don't-give-a-fuck hotline. Press 1 for details. Or just never text this number again.
I screenshotted this and showed it to my big brother. You're dead meat.
I tried to buy concert tickets from you off Craigslist® like a year ago. WHY are you still texting mе?
Woah, I thought we agreed to keep our texts to a 3 word maximum. If I wanted to read a novel I'd go to Barnes & Noble®
I have a response to that, and it is "mind your damn beeswax, chief"
You should send that again but as an audio message so I can hear ur sexy voice crack.
Weird message to send to your band instructor, but okay we'll talk more at tomorrow's lesson.
Woah, flashback to Bonnaroo.
Well mom, maybe if you would sign my permission slip for the aquarium field trip, this wouldn't happen.
Grandpa, I am not in the mood for another one of your riddles.
Not answering this unless guaranteed boob action.
I want you to go walk up to a mirror and repeat that text to yourself out loud so you can feel how I just felt.
I'd prefer not to answer
Wrong number, but I'm interested.
Please respect my privacy, Kristen
You better be deadass or else that ass is dead!
I'll never get back the 10 seconds of my life it took to read this.
I'm a grown man, I can do what I want
Oh, I'm the reason that happened. Lol, took like a month to plan.
Hey how about you mind your own goddam beeswax
Look man I like you but you're just my plug. THAT'S IT.
Wow, that was pretty rude... Ugh, why do I always fall for the bad boys?
You're doing this again? What happened to wine night with the boys? 
Alexa end this conversation for me
Yeah that's not important rn. Just got a new Alexa. This chick will do anything!
Back off man I'm just following my heart
What can I say, life's a beach and I'm just playing in the sand :)
This is going to take some thinking. If you need me, l'II be rollerblading through the cemetery.
Wait is this sketchy Tinder® guy?
Now that......THAT is wtf l'm talkin' about.
Wouldn't be the first time amiright?? YEET
This again, Freddy? You said you'd stop day drinking on Mondays.
You're the only motherfucker that can handle me, Travis.
You're beginning to sound like your crazy whore mother. Tone it down.
That's where I draw the line. And you're not blaming this one on your horoscope. Not this time.
Not surprised. you were always pretty weird tbh
Wish you were here so you could whisper that in my ear
I'm happy to help just this once, but next time you should call your urologist
You're my second cousin and that isn't far enough removed for you to be texting me like this
It's like my father always says, "get over it you worthless crybaby and get a job."
Saturdays are for the boyz, not for you. #sorrynotsorry
Yep..pretty gnarly huh
Check out Weezy's new album, that'll calm ya down
I'm filing a restraining order and this text will be going in as evidence
How are you texting me off my Grandad's phone? He passed away three years ago, who is this??
Boom shakalaka that's what I'm TALKIN bout!!!
Bro, chill with that shit. I had a big lunch, and you got me feelin' all queasy now.